# Awesome Parser Action

This GitHub action reads the content of a `README.md` file from another repository and transforms it into HTML Chrome bookmarks, CSV, and JSON files. It's a useful tool for exporting link and bookmark information from a README file into other formats.

## How to Use

You can use this action in a workflow in your own repository to process the `README.md` file from another repository. Below is an example of how to set up the action in a workflow configuration file `(.github/workflows/main.yml)` in your own repository:


```yaml
on: [push]

jobs:
  parse_to_bookmarks:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Export README to json, csv, and bookmarks
    steps:
        - uses: teles/awesome-parser-action@v0.4.2
          with:
            input: README.md
            output: dist/bookmarks.html
        - uses: teles/awesome-parser-action@v0.4.2
          with:
            type: csv
            input: README.md
            output: dist/links.csv
        - uses: teles/awesome-parser-action@v0.4.2
          with:
            type: json
            input: README.md
            output: dist/links.json
            commit_branch: gh-pages
            commit_message: Updates JSON file
```            

In this example, the action is set up to run when a push occurs in the repository. It reads the content of the `README.md` file and generates HTML, CSV, and JSON files in a directory named `dist`. You can also customize the output type and other options as needed.

### Parameters

* `input`: The README.md file you want to process.
* `output`: The name of the output file generated by the action.
* `type` (optional): The desired output format (HTML, CSV, or JSON).
* `commit_branch` (optional): The branch where you want to commit the `output file` (used when the type is JSON).
* `commit_message` (optional): The commit message used when the action commits the output file.

Make sure to properly configure credentials and permissions to access the repository containing the `README.md` file you want to process.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.